Front end 

Welcome on Start with HTML5/CSS3 & Bootstrap, a course for absolute beginners in HTML & CSS!

You are a fresh new developer and you would like to learn how to code? Or you just want to understand HTML/CSS? So this lesson is made for you.

In this course, we'll learn slowly how to start coding. We'll take time to explain how HTML and CSS are working by creating our own blog. What an amazing purpose! Step by step, this is what we are going to learn:

Install our code editor,

Learn how to use it,

Create our first HTML file,

Write our first HTML lines,

Display elements such as title, text, images & videos,

Linking HTML pages,

Understand website architecture,

Stylising our pages with CSS,

Importing font families,

Install and understand Bootstrap,

Designing our entire blog with Bootstrap.

What is Bootstrap and why?

Bootstrap is the most popular CSS Framework for developing responsive and mobile-first websites. It is a tool that is going to help us to create elements and design really fast! I want to show you how powerful is Bootstrap and how much time you can save with this amazing CSS framework.

What you’ll learn

Create your own blog with HTML/CSS and Bootstrap
Code your first HTML file
Code your first CSS stylesheet
Architecture of a website
Link HTML pages between each other
Insert text, images and videos
Import Bootstrap and deal with grids and classes
Create a custom font with Google Fonts
Are there any course requirements or prerequisites?
none

      							Full stack


Requirements
No Programming experience required.
A Mac or Pc with access to the internet
Description
A full stack developer is a web developer or engineer who can develop both the front end and back end of a website or application.

They can tackle projects that involve databases, building user-facing websites, or even work with clients during the planning phase of projects.

Full stack web developers usually have some of the following  front end and back end skill sets.



Front End Skills ( This is used to build the client software or application)

HTML

CSS

Bootstrap

JavaScript

JSON

XML

JQuery

Angular

React



Back End Skills ( This is used to build the server software or application)

Nodejs

Expressjs

REST

SQL

MongoDB

Python

Java

C#

ASP

PHP

RUBY

C++





Being a full-stack web developer equips you with the skill set to develop web based projects. You can prototype quickly and switch between front and back end  development based on requirements.





Who this course is for:
Beginners to web development
Beginners to coding and programming
Students who want to build applications for the web .



Ethical Course
Basic
computer security basics
introduction
types ogf hacker
common keywords
file securing techniques
installing n using kali linux
if person is using windows then how to operate kali by using oracle
footprinting
introduction
types of footprinting
methods and techniques
using search engines
network - intro, detailed body, iana and allotment of ip address, ip4&ip6, ip addresses basic n detecting, ping n ping sweep, ping sweeping tools,nmap commands - common high n whole, trace routing, detecting victim os, detecting firewall, create firewall, counter measures
social engineering
ports - types, virtual port no. detecting open ports, tools to carry out port scanning, anti-port scanning tools, port manager, counter measure
how to give security
domain names n dns - global dns resolution


identifier attacks 